[Music]
[Music] now Joseph had been taken down to Egypt
now Joseph had been taken down to Egypt
now Joseph had been taken down to Egypt and Potiphar an officer of Pharaoh
and Potiphar an officer of Pharaoh
and Potiphar an officer of Pharaoh captain of the guard
captain of the guard
captain of the guard an Egyptian bought him from the
an Egyptian bought him from the
an Egyptian bought him from the Ishmaelites who had taken him down there
Ishmaelites who had taken him down there
Ishmaelites who had taken him down there the Lord was with Joseph and he was a
the Lord was with Joseph and he was a
the Lord was with Joseph and he was a successful man and he was in the house
successful man and he was in the house
successful man and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian and his
of his master the Egyptian and his
of his master the Egyptian and his master saw that the Lord was with him
master saw that the Lord was with him
master saw that the Lord was with him and that the Lord made all he did to
and that the Lord made all he did to
and that the Lord made all he did to prosper in his hand so Joseph found
prosper in his hand so Joseph found
prosper in his hand so Joseph found favor in his sight and served him then
favor in his sight and served him then
favor in his sight and served him then he made him overseer of his house and
he made him overseer of his house and
he made him overseer of his house and all that he had he put under his
all that he had he put under his
all that he had he put under his authority so it was from the time that
authority so it was from the time that
authority so it was from the time that he made him an overseer of his house and
he made him an overseer of his house and
he made him an overseer of his house and all that he had but the Lord blessed the
all that he had but the Lord blessed the
all that he had but the Lord blessed the Egyptians house for Joseph's sake and
Egyptians house for Joseph's sake and
Egyptians house for Joseph's sake and the blessing of the Lord was on all that
the blessing of the Lord was on all that
the blessing of the Lord was on all that he had in the house and in the field
he had in the house and in the field
he had in the house and in the field thus he left all that he had in Joseph's
thus he left all that he had in Joseph's
thus he left all that he had in Joseph's hand and he did not know what he had
hand and he did not know what he had
hand and he did not know what he had except for the bread which he ate now
except for the bread which he ate now
except for the bread which he ate now Joseph was handsome in form and
Joseph was handsome in form and
Joseph was handsome in form and appearance and it came to pass after
appearance and it came to pass after
appearance and it came to pass after these things that his master's wife cast
these things that his master's wife cast
these things that his master's wife cast longing eyes on Joseph's lie with me but
longing eyes on Joseph's lie with me but
longing eyes on Joseph's lie with me but he refused
he refused
he refused look my master does not know what is
look my master does not know what is
look my master does not know what is with me in the house and he has
with me in the house and he has
with me in the house and he has committed all that he has to my hand
committed all that he has to my hand
committed all that he has to my hand there is no one greater in this house
there is no one greater in this house
there is no one greater in this house than I nor has he kept back anything
than I nor has he kept back anything
than I nor has he kept back anything from me but you because you are his wife
from me but you because you are his wife
from me but you because you are his wife how then can I do this great wickedness
how then can I do this great wickedness
how then can I do this great wickedness and sin against God so it was as she
and sin against God so it was as she
and sin against God so it was as she spoke to Joseph day by day that he did
spoke to Joseph day by day that he did
spoke to Joseph day by day that he did not heed her to lie with her or to be
not heed her to lie with her or to be
not heed her to lie with her or to be with her but it happened about this time
with her but it happened about this time
with her but it happened about this time when Joseph went into the house to do
when Joseph went into the house to do
when Joseph went into the house to do his work and none of the men of the
his work and none of the men of the
his work and none of the men of the house was inside that she caught him by
house was inside that she caught him by
house was inside that she caught him by his garment lie with me but he left his
his garment lie with me but he left his
his garment lie with me but he left his garment in her
garment in her
garment in her and fled and ran outside and so it was
and fled and ran outside and so it was
and fled and ran outside and so it was when she saw that he had left his
when she saw that he had left his
when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand and fled outside
garment in her hand and fled outside
garment in her hand and fled outside that she called to the men of her house
that she called to the men of her house
that she called to the men of her house and spoke to them see he has brought
and spoke to them see he has brought
and spoke to them see he has brought into us a Hebrew to mock us he came in
into us a Hebrew to mock us he came in
into us a Hebrew to mock us he came in to me to lie with me and I cried out
to me to lie with me and I cried out
to me to lie with me and I cried out with a loud voice and it happened when
with a loud voice and it happened when
with a loud voice and it happened when he heard that I lifted my voice and
he heard that I lifted my voice and
he heard that I lifted my voice and cried out that he left his garment with
cried out that he left his garment with
cried out that he left his garment with me and fled and went outside sir she
me and fled and went outside sir she
me and fled and went outside sir she kept his garment with her until his
kept his garment with her until his
kept his garment with her until his master came home then she spoke to him
master came home then she spoke to him
master came home then she spoke to him with words like these the Hebrew servant
with words like these the Hebrew servant
with words like these the Hebrew servant whom you brought to us came in to me to
whom you brought to us came in to me to
whom you brought to us came in to me to mock me so what happened as I lifted my
mock me so what happened as I lifted my
mock me so what happened as I lifted my voice and cried out that he left his
voice and cried out that he left his
voice and cried out that he left his garment with me and fled outside so it
garment with me and fled outside so it
garment with me and fled outside so it was when his master heard the words
was when his master heard the words
was when his master heard the words which his wife spoke to him your servant
which his wife spoke to him your servant
which his wife spoke to him your servant did to me after this manner that his
did to me after this manner that his
did to me after this manner that his anger was aroused then joseph's master
anger was aroused then joseph's master
anger was aroused then joseph's master took him and put him into the prison a
took him and put him into the prison a
took him and put him into the prison a place where the Kings prisoners were
place where the Kings prisoners were
place where the Kings prisoners were confined
confined
confined and he was there in the prison but the
and he was there in the prison but the
and he was there in the prison but the Lord was with Joseph and showed him
Lord was with Joseph and showed him
Lord was with Joseph and showed him mercy and he gave him favor in the sight
mercy and he gave him favor in the sight
mercy and he gave him favor in the sight of the keeper of the prison and the
of the keeper of the prison and the
of the keeper of the prison and the keeper of the prison committed to
keeper of the prison committed to
keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners who were
Joseph's hand all the prisoners who were
Joseph's hand all the prisoners who were in the prison whatever they did there it
in the prison whatever they did there it
in the prison whatever they did there it was his doing the keeper of the prison
was his doing the keeper of the prison
was his doing the keeper of the prison did not look into anything that was
did not look into anything that was
did not look into anything that was under Joseph's Authority because the
under Joseph's Authority because the
under Joseph's Authority because the Lord was with him and whatever he did
Lord was with him and whatever he did
Lord was with him and whatever he did the Lord made it prosper